README.md, before:

# post-page_pagination

#### To itstall the project run [npm i(or install)]

#### To run project run command in terminal [npm run dev]

## [Project Link](https://nextjs-blog-kappa-sooty-16.vercel.app/)

---

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)
- [References](#references)
- [License](#license)
- [Author Info](#author-info)

[Back To The Top](#post-page_pagination)

---

## Description

Simple blog page created with Next.js

#### Technologies

- [React JS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-overview.html)
- [Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/)
- [createAsyncThunk](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/api/createAsyncThunk)
- [Redux-toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/)
- [Redux-persist](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-persist)
- [JS](https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API)
- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
- [Flexbox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout)
- [SASS (SCSS)](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [BEM methodology](https://en.bem.info/methodology/)

[Back To The Top](#post-page_pagination)

---

## License

---

## Author Info

#### Sokolenko Denis

Commit message:

fixed issues with mini-css-extract-plugin and deploy on netlify

README.md, after:

# post-page_pagination
## [Project Link](https://posts-page-pagination.netlify.app/)

---

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/32fcc6cb-fd29-41f4-a924-c091822bbf33/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/posts-page-pagination/deploys)
#### To itstall the project run [npm i(or install)]

#### To run project run command in terminal [npm run dev]


---

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)
- [References](#references)
- [License](#license)
- [Author Info](#author-info)

[Back To The Top](#post-page_pagination)

---

## Description

Simple posts page with pagination , with posibilities of editing , add new ,delete and find certain posts .

#### Technologies

- [React JS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-overview.html)
- [Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/)
- [createAsyncThunk](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/api/createAsyncThunk)
- [Redux-toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/)
- [Redux-persist](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-persist)
- [JS](https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/JavaScript)
- [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API)
- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
- [Flexbox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout)
- [SASS (SCSS)](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [BEM methodology](https://en.bem.info/methodology/)

[Back To The Top](#post-page_pagination)

---

## License

---

## Author Info

#### Sokolenko Denis
